Conway's Game Of Life 
 by Ivan M. Rico 
 Version 1.03

Version 3.2
Added a feature that will allow users to alter local neural network parameters.

Version 3.1
Added general user access to the neural network.

Version 3.0
Created a neural network that will search for the longest running Conway's map and upload progress to a database as well as the current longest running map.

Version 2.5.1
Proper code documentation set up.

Version 2.5
Updated Tutorial.

Version 2.4.1
Added support for password retrieval.

Version 2.4.0
Added a registration process for users as well as defined user types and privileges.

Version 2.3.0
Added better authentication protocols and encryption to online services.

Version 2.2.0
Added online support for downloading/uploading cell graphics.

Version 2.1.0
Added online support for downloading maps.

Version 2.0.0
Added online support to connect to a database and upload maps.

Version 1.2
Added the intro screen.

Version 1.1.1
Added support to use selected cell images on startup.

Version 1.1.0
Added the ability to use custom cells.

Version 1.0.15
Added a custom application icon for Mac/linux/Windows.

Version 1.0.14
Fixed an issue with GUI elements not tabbing correctly. 

Version 1.0.13
Added version support for .cnw files.
Added a version checker.

Version 1.0.12
Fixed an issue where extra memory would be allocated to a Conway's map within the application. Conway.java

Version 1.0.11
Added a feature that saves your first randomized map when the application loads as MyFirstConway.cnw The feature will not overwrite MyFirstConway.cnw if it already exists.

Version 1.0.10
Cleaned modifier access in the code to improve performance.

Version 1.0.9
Fixed an issue where Version History Text file would generate even if it already correctly exists.

Version 1.0.8
Fixed an issue that allowed the Fill and Clear button to be pushed after the Conway's map started updating.

Version 1.0.7
Fixed an issue where the map could be changed while the FileChooser Dialog was open.

Version 1.0.7x
Fixed an issue where maps were not loading correctly.

Version 1.0.6
Improved performance on startup.
Fixed an issue with maps not displaying correctly.
Fixed an issue where incorrect cells were toggled when clicked if the map had a different number
of rows versus cols.

Version 1.0.5
Cleaned code and added comments in preparation for first GitHub upload.

Version 1.0.4
Fixed an issue where save and load dialogs would go to the home directory rather than the current directory.

Version 1.0.3
Cleaned GUI and added Tutorial and About.

Version 1.0.2
Changed Size Control so rows and cols could be set to different amounts.
Known Issues: Wrong cells toggle when clicking in maps that have mismatched rows/cols

Version 1.0.1
Reworked Save/Load to use Java's FileChooser.
Known Issues: FileChooser is set to a different environment from the rest of the program.

 Version 1.0 
 Featuring speed control, size control, cycle control, saving/loading, clickable cell status and more.

